# OpenIDEO
A collection of codes for research on the OpenIDEO framework

As a dual NSF and Chancellor's Fellow in the Energy and Resources Group (ERG), Pierce has broadened his perspective towards many different nodes in interdisciplinary research. In a past life, he completed the Dual-Degree Engineering Program while obtaining summa cum laude degrees at both Morehouse College and the University of Michigan, in Applied Physics and Aerospace Engineering. His past research experience includes autonomous satellite research at MIT, in-situ resource utilization of lunar regolith research at NASA Glenn Research Center, and practical manufacturing experience at the Corvette plant at the General Motors Bowling Green plant, among other experiences.

His interests include human-centered and participatory design and effective implementation of physical technologies for the abject poor. Many design projects instilled by NGOs, multinational corporations, governmental institutions, Bretton Woods Institutions, and academic breeding grounds currently use interdisciplinary methods like never before. However, many previous forays into the fields by technological designers have created failures which are diverse, yet related. I intend to research and develop analysis and categorization methods of basic needs design, and how it is impacted by place, organizational context, through history, and what can be done to mitigate 'failing' designs. 

He also serves as the president of the Black Graduate Engineers and Science Students, and on the Diversity and Social Media Committee of the Energy and Resources Group. He has served also as an instructor for the Graduate Regents Exam and the Standardized Aptitude Test for Sherwood Test Prep, has conducted community service with the Bay Area Morehouse Alumni Association and Bay Area Scientists in Schools.
